Fixes "entra m365group set" command. Closes #6061 (#6384)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/entra/m365group/m365group-set.mdx

m365 entra m365group set --id 28beab62-7540-4db1-a23f-29a6018a3848 --isPrivate `false`
```

> Add new Microsoft 365 Group owners by UPNs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the list of Microsoft 365 Group owners with a list of users by UPN.
```
